Fredrik's Laboratory

Base Statistics:
	Size: 						+2 (1)
	Refinement: 			+2
	Base Safety: 			 0
	General Quality: 	-3
	Upkeep: 					+3
	Safety:						 0
	Warping:					 0
	Health:						-1
	Aesthetics:				+4
	Specialisations:
		Items						+6
		Terram					+3
		Creo						+2
		Ignem						+2
		Aurum						+1
		Experimentation	+1

	Virtues and Flaws:
		Virtues:
			Greater Feature (Major Structure Virtue) -3 (+2 Ae, +3 pts to Spec.)
				(The main feature of Fredrik's distinct Lab is a giant magical forge.
				It stands almost ten feet tall and is six paces in diameter. It burns
				with an unending flame (due to enchantments), and takes up a sizable
				amount of the space that forms the Lab. This forge also serves as a
				Greater Focus.)
			Natural Environment (Major Structure Virtue) -3 (+2 Ae, 3 pts among Cr, An,
			Au, He, Ig or Te spec, depending on terrain type)
				(Since Fredrik's Lab is mostly set up outdoors, and is quite portable,
				it is often set up near major landscape features, both to allow Fredrik
				the boni that sympathetic connections to the surroundings provide, and
				the boundless space that nature provides.)
			Lesser Feature (Minor Structure Virtue) -1 (+1 Ae, +1 Items/Co/Spells)
				(Fredrik's Lab also contains a dummy to one side that can be used to test
				spells or magical items. It will re-assemble itself when destroyed, due to
				an enchantment on it.)
			Extensive Stores (Minor Structure Virtue)	-1 (+2 Sa)
				(Fredrik keeps an extensive store of raw materials and vis in his Lab-cart
				as he is often travelling and prefers not to spend time find materials
				wherever he finds himself working. His Lab can withstand a shortage of
				funds for six seasons before requiring a Flaw that decreases Upkeep.)
			Spacious (Minor Structure Virtue) -1 (+2 Sa, +1 Ae)
				(Due to being outdoors, Fredrik has as much space as he needs to spread
				his work out.)
			Specimens (Minor Outfittings Virtue) -1 (+1 Up., +1 Ae, +1pt for Fo. Spec.)
				(The area around Fredrik's Lab contains many samples of metal, alloys, and
				crystals, with notes on their construction and sympathies.)
			Mobile (Free Structure Virtue) F (+1 Exp. Spec.)
				(Fredrik's Lab can be packed neatly into a normal size cart and carried
				around due to the various enchantments on each of it's constituents.
				This was more done out of necessity than convenience when Fredrik found
				himself a fugitive.)
			Superior Heating (Minor Outfittings Virtue) S (-1 Sa, +1 Hea, +1 Ae, +2 Ig)
				(Fredrik's forge runs hot enough to melt any steel that contacts its
				surface, and as such leaves the entire area of the Lab warm and insulated
				from the heat of the outdoors. It does however also make working a little
				more hazardous, as anything placed close to the forge and not immediately
				warded against heat may spontaneously ignite.)
			
		Flaws:
			Greater Focus (Major Structure Flaw) -3 (-2 Gen. Q, +4 pts on Spec provided by 
			the feature)
				(Fredrik's magical forge is dangerous to work around and puts out so much heat
				that it makes work not involving forging or enchanting incredibly difficult)
			Outdoors (Major Structure Flaw) -3 (-1 Gen. Qual., +2 Up, -1 Sa, -2 Hea, -3 Ae)
				(Due to the need for Fredrik's Lab to be extemely portable, it often finds
				itself outdoors and exposed to the elements. The heat from the forge helps
				mitigate this, but it is not a fool-proof solution. As such however, he can
				use as much space as he needs (usually). The Size of this Lab can be increased
				freely and at will, requiring only a few day's work to re-arrange.)
			Missing Sanctum Marker (Free Outfitting Flaw) F (-1 Ae)
				(Due to the Lab being open to the air, and visible from quite the distance,
				(and Fredrik's general kind-heartedness), Fredrik does not mark his Lab with
				a Sanctum Marker.)
	Description:
	Fredrik's Lab isn't a Lab in the traditional sense. It is more a set of equipment and
	expendables he carries around in a cart when he travels. Many of the tools
	traditionally used in a Lab are present, but are shrunk down for easy transportation.
	When expanded and laid out in it's full capacity, the Lab, such that it is, takes up
	approximately 800 square feet, in a circle approximately 11 paces across.
	
	At the centre of this circle sits a giant forge and smithy, taking up six paces of the
	perimeter. At one end of the circle sits a stone desk, dusted with a strange, icy blue
	powder. There are evenly spaced waist-high stone cupboards around the room with indicitive
	specimens sitting on top of each.
	
	Around the perimeter of the Lab's area sit a circle of marble slabs, marking the safe
	area. Two paces in from them stand a circle of wooden posts, which constantly smoke
	slightly. Fredrik warns visitors that venturing any closer than that is foolish, and
	has more than once had to explain to Ashe why she was treating *another* person with
	90% body burns.
	
	The Forge:
	The forge is powered by magic and emits an unearthly heat, being able to
	melt steel on contact with it's surface, and boil lead when it is placed in the heart
	of the forge. The heat is unbearable and legitimately dangerous when one works at the
	forge itself, as metal within a pace or two will soften, the person's clothing will
	ignite, and fabric in the lab will char over time. 
	The enchantment does however have an effect that will protect certain people from the
	effects of the heat if an Arcane Connection to them is placed in a small holder at the
	back of the forge (a vial of blood is commonly used). This does not prevent Lab damage
	however, and as such, Fredrik keeps ample supply of a charged item in the form of
	frost powder, that cools and insulates anything it touches.
	
	The Desk:
	This desk is made from what seems to be single slab of granite, 