Aelita's Laboratory

Base Statistics:
	Size: 						0 (-1)
	Refinement: 			+3
	Base Safety: 			+3
	General Quality: 	-2
	Upkeep: 					-5 (-5)
	Safety:						+6
	Warping:					+3
		Inquisitive   +2
		Collected     +1
	Health:						0 (+2 if immune to cold, 0 otherwise)
	Aesthetics:				-2 (+5)
	Specialisations:
    Spells            +4
		Mentem				    +4
    Experimentation   +3
		Intellègo			    +2
    Rego              +2
    Vim               +1
	Virtues and Flaws:

		Virtues:
			Greater Feature (Major Structure Virtue) -3	(+2 Ae, 3 pts among Exp, Spells,
      Cr, Re, An, Vi)
        (A giant summoning circle sits in the centre of Aelita's lab, dominating a large
        amount of the floor space. It is decorated with mystical symbols and runes. A
        circle of candles and useful specimens sit around the circle to act as a focus.
        This makes it somewhat awkward to work around and a Greater Focus for this Lab.)
      Greater Feature (Major Structure Virtue) -3 (+2 Ae, 3 pts among In, Im, Me)
        (A large, ceiling to floor mirror, decorated with gems that throw light around
        the Lab, stands to one side of the summoning circle. Aelita usually uses it
        to contemplate, or focus her mind when dealing with magic involving herself,
        or knowledge.)
      Auspicious Shape (Minor Structure Virtue) -1 (+1 Ae, +1 Vi)
        (Aelita's ice cavern is laid out as a central rounded hexagonal chamber, with small
        dedicated rooms coming off each point. This form is beneficial to channelling and
        directing magic.)
      Spacious (Minor Structure Virtue) -1 (+2 Sa, +1 Ae)
        (There is enough spare room in the cavern to allow Aelita to spread her tools and
        equipment out so that it's less precarious to work inside the Lab.)
      Ice Cavern (Free Supernatural Virtue) F (+1 Up, +1 Wa, -2 Hea(Unless immune to cold),
      +2 Ae, +2 Re or Te)
        (Aelita's Lab is actually carved into a cavern of ice.)
      Idyllic Surroundings (Free Structure Virtue) F (+2 Hea, +1 Ae, 1 pt among Cr, An,
      He or Te)
        (Aelita's mental Lab actually contains more than just the Lab itself. It also
        contains a small glade outside the cavern, which is home to many fantastical
        plants that Aelita has imagined, as well as a small stream.)
		Flaws:
      Greater Focus (Major Structure Flaw) +3 (-2 Gen Q., 4 pts among Feature Specs)
        (Aelita's summoning circle is ornamented extremely heavily, and also saps some of
        magical power of its user to power itself, making Lab Projects that don't use it
        harder to complete.)
			Mental Construct (Major Structure Flaw)	+3 (-5 Up, +2 Wa, -2 Ae, +3 Me)
        (Aelita's Lab is contained entirely in her mind. This was achieved with an
        extremely powerful Creo Mentem ritual that cost her a sizable amount of her
        life savings. The Lab's imaginary portion can only be of Size Aelita's Intelligence
        or less, and the Lab may be improved as per usual. However, disregard any changes
        to Upkeep, Health, or Aesthetics. Without incredibly sophisticated magic, Aelita
        is unable to use this Lab to bond with a familiar, enchant items or Longevity
        Rituals, or teach. She can still invent spells, work with Lab Texts and study Arts
        "normally".)
	Description:
	Aelita's lab, despite being a product of her mind, is laid out logically and is quite
  aesthetically pleasing, not that anyone can verify that claim.
  The lab itself is a rather large ice cavern, consisting of a central hexagonal chamber,
  with smaller rooms coming off each vertex of the hexagon. In the central chamber sits
  a massive summoning circle adorned with mystical symbols and decorated with candles and
  crystals. A soft glow emanates from the circle as it saps the energy of those who
  use it. To the west of the central chamber stands a large floor to ceiling mirror,
  decorated with gems. The mirror does not actually reflect the room, but seems to
  peer into a starry void. Despite this, it will reflect anyone who stands in front of
  it.
  Also in the room is a small alcove, carved into the ice wall, containing a
  desk, chair, and small bookcase; all of which are also carved from ice. An inkwell
  sits, or more accurately *is* a part of the table. A crystal quill hovers above the
  inkwell, awaiting use.
  Each of the smaller chambers holds materials for specific activities. Clockwise from
  north, they are:
    ∙ A small alchemical lab, containing a cauldron, an alembic, distillation equipment,
      a set of scales, and small containers for temporary storage.
    ∙ A storeroom containing catalysts, reagents, and general consumables used by
      the lab.
    ∙ A small study containing Aelita's Lab Texts, as well as any books or missives she
      has memorised using her Art of Memory skill.
    ∙ A larger room containing astrological equipment, star charts and a small orrery,
      and an armillary sphere.
    ∙ The antechamber of the lab, containing two chairs, a small table and the exit
      door.
    ∙ This room is a small greenhouse type room that leads out into a garden. It
      contains two chairs, some small pot plants and a small table.
  Outside of the lab proper is a lush garden that stretches out for ten or so paces.
  It is home to butterflies and many small magical creatures that Aelita fancies, as
  well as mystical plants and trees.
  A small glade lies in a thicket of trees to one side. Therein is a bench that sits in
  front of a small stream that passes by the lab.
  Once outside, it's immediately obvious that this lab and its surroundings have been
  Warped by exposure to Aelita's mind. The sky twinkles with many thousands of stars and
  dazzles with bright aurorae, which become more subdued as Aelita relaxes. In the sky
  sit two moons, one of which is much larger than the other.
