Alexander, Spirit of Vengeance

"Touch a hair on her head, and I'll return. I'll slay every lice-ridden 
peasant, anything that moves and can't climb a tree."

Magical Might: 13 (Mentem)
Characteristics:
	Int:  0
	Per:  0
	Pre: +2
	Com: +1
	Str: +2
	Sta: +1
	Dex:  0
	Qik: -1
Size: 0
Confidence Score: 1 (3)
Hierarchy Score: 2
Qualities and Inferiorities:
	Qualities: (17)
		Greater Power x2 -6
			(Protecting the Charge)
			(The Gift of Vigour)
		Improved Abilities x2 -2
			(Extra 50xp to spend)
		Improved Fatigue x2 -2
			(Extra Fatigue Level in Descending Order)
		Improved Powers x2 -2
			(5 mastery points to spend)
		Improved Recovery -1
			(Alexander's Might recovers completely in 12 hours, instead of 24.)
		Lesser Power -1
			(Restoring the Charge's Vitality)
		Focus Power -3
			(Master of Weapons)
	Inferiorities: (13 + 4)
		Minor Flaw +1
			(No Sense of Direction)
		Monstrous Appearance +3
			Alexander has four large, black feathered wings on his back. Their 
			total wingspan is just over 6 metres. One set protrudes from the
			back of his shoulders, while the other from where his ribcage ends.
			Most people who see him think he is a fallen angel, or a demon. 
			Alexander is at -6 for any rolls involving trust, loyalty, or 
			social situations.
Virtues and Flaws:
	Virtues: (3)
		Convoluted Mind (Minor, General, Tainted) -1
			Alexander has dealt with so many demons during his life, and 
			afterlife that he has gained an idea of how their minds function.
			He gains a +3 bonus on all Infernal Lore rolls to determine what a
			demon will do, and has a feeling, similar to the Common Sense 
			Virtue, that prevents him from doing stupid things when dealing 
			with demons.
		Puissant Single Weapon (Minor, General) -1
		Warrior (Minor, General) -1
			(Extra 50xp to spend on Martial Abilities)
		
	Flaws: (3)
		Fury (Major, Story) +3
			Over time, Tess has gained some resistance to pain, and can handle
			herself in a fight, however if she ever begins to cry or scream 
			from pain, or is tortured or in grave danger, Alexander will fly 
			into a wild rage, attempting to not kill, but severely maim and
			cripple those responsible. In his own words, "You'll wish I was
			a demon. Demons can be sated."
		No Sense of Direction (Minor, General) I
Personality Traits:
	Vengant*	+3
	Protective	+3 (Of his charge)
	Passionate 	+2
	Cruel		+1
Reputations:
	Feared by Demons	+2 (He has slain quite a few in his time)
Combat:
	Dodging:	Init -1, Attack n/a, Defense 1, Damage n/a
Soak: 1

Equipment:
	
Fatigue Levels: OK, 0, 0, -1, -1, -3, -5, Unc.
Wound Penalties: -1 (1-5), -3 (5-10), -5 (11-15), Incap. (16-20), Dead (21+)
Abilities: (0)

	Ability				Specialty					Sc	Xp
	Russian				(Storytelling)				5	75
	Latin				(Academic Usage)			4	50
	
	Athletics			(Running)					4	50
	Awareness			(Bodyguarding)				2	15
	Bows				(Short Bows)				2	15
	Brawl				(Punches)					2	20
	Infernal Lore		(Demons)					3	30
	Intrigue			(Alliances)					2	15
	Great Weapon		(Claymore)					3	30
	Leadership			(Inspiration)				3	30
	Penetration			(Vim)						1	10
	Ride				(Battle)					3	30
	Single Weapon		(Swords)					8+2	180
	Survival			(Forests)					3	30
	Swim				(Long Distances)			2	15
	Teaching			(Martial Abilites)			6	105
Powers:
	Restoring the Charge's Vitality
	R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual
	Might Cost: 3, Init Qik - 2, Vim
	Restores 5 Might to an Infernal creature in range. This power is often used
	to help his charges in times of trouble, and is one of the reasons most 
	demons consider him to be one of them.
	CrVi 20 (Base 15, +1 Touch): Lesser Power (20 Levels, Might Cost - 1)
	Improved Powers: (Init +4, 5xp to Penetration)

	Protecting the Charge
	R:Touch, D:Sun, T:Individual
	Might Cost 2, Init Qik - 1, Mentem
	Allows Alexander to possess Tess' body, and push her mind outside of her
	body. In essence the two of them switch places. Tess' body transforms to
	be closer to Alexander's human body, or what was his human body, when he
	had one. In this state, he can activate Tess' powers (as they are
	granted by her Demonic Blood), as well as his own. The transformation takes
	only a second or two (it counts as a fast action).
	Tess' mind is turned into a spirit bound to her body for the duration of 
	the power.
	ReMe(Co, Mu, Cr) 35 (Base 20, +1 Touch, +2 Sun): Greater Power (35 Levels,
	Init +3, Might Cost -2)
	
	The Gift of Vigour
	R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual
	Might Cost 0, Init Qik, Corpus
	Switches Fatigue Levels/Totals with a target.
	ReCo 20 (Base 15, +1 Touch): Greater Power (20 Levels, Might Cost -2, 
	Init +2, 10 Levels to Protecting the Charge)
	
	Master of Weapons
	R:Varies, D:Varies, T:Varies
	Might Cost Mag, Init Qik - 5, Terram
	Alexander can reproduce any number of Creo or Rego Terram or Herbam spells 
	that can produce, or enhance weapons, up to a maximum level of 25, at a 
	cost of 1 Might Point per magnitude.
	CrTe or CrHe or ReTe or ReHe 25: Focus Power (25 Levels), Improved Powers
	(Level Magnitudes + 3, Init +2)
Appearance:
	Alexander is a tall slim man, with broad, black, feathered wings protruding
	from his back. He has crystal clear ice blue eyes, and well-kempt blonde 
	hair. He wears a light chainmaille suit consisting of a hauberk, and 
	leggings, with a tunic under the hauberk. The tunic currently has a very
	intricate black cross on it, though those who have seen him before will 
	note that it has changed since they last saw him.

Alexander was once a great warrior, who gained strength for it's own sake at
first, but later turned that strength to defending his allies. When he was not
physically defending his allies, he took to teaching them, and their 
subordinates. He was never one for moral scruples, and this may be the source
of the Infernal taint on him, as those he defended may have performed evil 
deeds, and his assistance marked him as an evil person. Due to this, many 
demons took and interest in him and a few even marked him and gave him power. 
Despite this, he used them equally for sinful and virtuous acts, depending on 
who he defended. His only major sin was Wrath, at those who would injure his 
friends and charges. This left an Infernal Taint on his soul that could not be 
washed away except with help from the Divine, and Alexander was never one for 
kneeling before others. Over the years, he slew many demons, and almost as many
magical creatures.
When he was finally slain, his unending desire to protect (with the help of the
local aura) manifested itself into a spirit. Alexander is a Spirit of Vengeance
as opposed to a Spirit of Honour, or Loyalty or even a Spirit of Justice 
because he did not mind the goals of his allies; he would defend them even unto
death.
