Rignhildr's Grimoire

	Rignhildr ensures a healthy recovery for (target)
	Berkanan(Mannaz) 10, Method II
	This script is usually carved on a wooden amulet, or woven into a wound
	dressing, and gives the target a +6 bonus to all recovery rolls for 
	physical injuries, but not from diseases or poisons.
	
	Rignhildr ensures the infertility of (target)
	Berkanan(Mannaz) 15, Method II
	This script, usually carved on the wall of a house, or near the target's
	bed, ensures that they will not impregnate others or become pregnant for 
	as long as the runes last. Traditionally, this rune script was used to
	avoid pregnancies when crops were bad, or during wars.
	
	Rignhildr guarantees the continuation of the legacy of (target)
	Berkanan(Mannaz) 15, Method II
	These runes, traditionally carved on the side of the target's bed, ensures
	that they are potent or fertile for as long as the runes last. These runes
	were often used to ensure pregnancy when a family wanted a child.
	
	Rignhildr provides aid to the injured (target)
	Berkanan(Mannaz) 15, Method II
	These runes, traditionally carved into a small piece of bone, and worn 
	around the target's neck, give them a +3 bonus to all Ability rolls while
	injured, partially offsetting their Wound Penalties. This script was often
	used to allow lightly injured soldiers to continue fighting, often in 
	combination with a script to decrease the severity of the warrior's Wounds.
	
	I, Rignhildr, am thrice blessed
	Gebo 15, Method I
	Rignhildr receives a +3 bonus to all rolls involving meeting and 
	influencing others. This script is very common, as it offsets some of the 
	negative effects of The Gift, however since Rignhildr has the Gentle Gift,
	she uses the script as a way boost her ability to work with others, as well
	as being able to teach it anyone who *does* need it. The script itself is
	often cast simply by inscribing the Gebo rune thrice on a small stick or 
	stone before an important event, as despite the -14 to Casting Total, the
	script itself is discreet and easy to hide.
	
	I, Rignhildr, make hands sure and nimble
	Mannaz 15, Method I
	For the duration of the effect, the target receives a +3 bonus to all 
	natural Ability rolls involving Dexterity (but not Attack rolls).
	
	Rignhildr blesses the labours of the smiths
	Mannaz 15, Method II
	This script, often carved above the doorway of a smith, with an Arcane
	Connection to him worked into the runes (most often a coin made for the 
	purposes of this script), gives him a +3 bonus to any Ability rolls that 
	involve working with others. Most often this applies to his apprentices and
	aides, but it can also apply when fighting in a group.
	
	I, Rignhildr, give the sight of the huldra
	Laguz 5, Method I
	For the duration of the effect, the target can see clearly through water as
	if it were clean air.
	
	Rignhildr summons the drinkable water
	Laguz 10, Method II
	These runes summon an amount of water that could fill an area about 10 
	paces across and 10 paces deep, though the caster must include some 
	Arcane Connection to the water being summoned. This is often done by using
	water from a specific place to dissolve a dye and using it colour in the 
	Laguz rune (which co-incidentally provides a +1 bonus to the Casting 
	Total). This script is often used to summon potable water during 
	expiditions, or, with repeated use, to displace water in a useful way.
	
	I, Rignhildr, prepare for the upcoming battle
	Perth 10, Method I
	For as long as the runes endure, Rignhildr rolls two less botch die 
	whenever she must roll for a magical botch. Rignhildr is especially fond of
	this script as she is very Natt-thel prone, and magical botches can end
	terribly for her. She often carves this script onto a small stone, or stick
	before casting major spells or going into battle as it is both easy to pull
	off, and unlikely to botch.
	
	I, Rignhildr, grant the vision of the Aesir
	Perth 10, Method I
	For as longs as the runes endure, the target can sense Magic or Faerie 
	auras within about 10 paces, and identify their strength.
	
	I, Rignhildr, carve the runes of life
	Dagaz 25, Method I
	If the runes last the whole year, the target (usually Rignhildr herself)
	gains a -5 Bonus to her Aging rolls.
	
	I, Rignhildr, prepare the runes of healing
	Naudiz (Berkanan) 25, Method I
	This script binds another Berkanan rune to the target, delaying its 
	resolution until it is triggered. The caster describes what sort of 
	conditions cause the effect to activate (usually being wounded), and then
	inscribes the rune spell for the bound effect next to to the Naudiz runes.
	
	I, Rignhildr, carve the runes to knit the flesh
	Berkanan 25, Method I
	This script is usually carved onto amulet and placed inside a target's 
	clothing and heals a target's Medium Wound, and as long as the runes last
	for at least a month (the recovery period for a Medium Wound), the effect 
	is permanant. If the amulet is removed or damaged during this time, before
	the wound would have healed naturally, the character must make an immediate
	recovery roll for that injury. If this exceeds the Improvement Ease Factor,
	then the wound remains healed. If this exceeds the Stable Ease Factor, then
	the Medium Wound re-opens. Otherwise, it worsens to a Heavy Wound.
	
	Rignhildr binds the runes of healing
	Naudiz (Berkanan, Mannaz) 25, Method II
	This spells binds another Berkanan (Mannaz) spell, so that its duration 
	lasts as long as the runes used in this spell. This script is often used
	to ensure that a rune used to heal (or prevent healing) lasts as long as
	necessary, even if the original runes are found and destroyed.
	
	Rignhildr alleviates the wounds of (target)
	Berkanan (Mannaz) 25, Method II
	This script reduces the severity of one of a target's wounds by two steps.
	So long as the runes last until the reduced severity wound is healed, the 
	effect is permanent. This script is often cast with an Arcane Connection to
	the target worked into the runes, so that the target does not have to carry
	the rune script with them, however versions written on amulets, and 
	reinforced with Naudiz bindings are also common.
	
	I, Rignhildr, heal the grave wound
	Berkanan 30, Method I
	This script is usually carved into an amulet made from metal that is worn 
	by the target and heals a target's Heavy Wound, and as long as the runes 
	last for at least a reason (the recovery period for a Heavy Wound), the 
	effect is permanent. See the conditions for "I, Rignhildr carve the runes 
	to knit the flesh" for situations where the amulet is removed or damaged.
	
	I, Rignhildr, prepare the runes of pain
	Naudiz (Kauno) 20, Method I
	This spell binds another Kauno spell to a target, delaying its resolution 
	until it is triggered. The caster describes what sort of conditions cause
	the effect to activate, then inscribes the rune spell for the bound effect
	next to the Naudiz runes. Brunhildr developed this script as a self-defense
	method, as she can bind a rune to heat the knife or axe it's carved on, and
	set the trigger to be if it bites into flesh.
	
	I, Rignhildr, carve the runes for searing heat
	Kauno 20, Method I
	This script heats an object hot enough to boil water, causing +5 Damage to
	the target, or anything that's touching it each round. This script is often
	used by Rignhildr as a convenient way to boil water if fire would be too
	conspicuous or if fuel is unavailable. It can also be used to disarm or 
	distract guards, though casting it in combat is still troublesome for her.