General Demon Powers

Coagulation
	1 point per 10 Might or fraction therof, Init -1, Corpus
	This Power allows demons to manufacture a solid body from the ambient, 
	unformed matter of the universe. They may only take a single specific
	form with this Power (the one described under Appearance) unless they have
	another Power that allows them to alter it. Manifesting a physical form 
	takes a round for each point of Infernal Might the demon has. The demon can
	end this effect at any time, returning to it's rarefied form. Dissolution
	of the solid form is almost instantaneous, taking only a round of 
	Concentration from the demon.
	
Obsession
	1-3 points, Init -5, Vim
	Every demon possesses a particular sin - called its Obsession Trait - which
	it may attempt to impose upon a mortal whenever a mortal indulges a venial 
	sin. A demon can only use this Power when there is chink in the armour of 
	virtue; that is, when a person is indulging in sinful thoughts or deeds. At
	such moments, the demon can impose its Obsession Trait, if it penetrates 
	Magic Resistance. The victim is assailed with sinful thoughts, and acquires
	a Personality Trait to represent these thoughts, with a score equal to the 
	number of Might Points spent by the demon (maximum of 3). When the victim
	is next presented with the opportunity to act on the Obsession Trait, the
	victim's player must make a simple roll + any other suitably opposed 
	Personality Trait to successfully resist the impulses. If the Obsession 
	roll fails, then the demon's Power has failed and the Obsession Trait is 
	lost. If the Obsession roll is higher, the victim gives in to sin, 
	permanently acquiring the Obsession Trait at +1. Any further succumbing to
	this trait counts as sinful, rather than as an action forced by the demon.
	
Envisioning 
	1 or 5 points, Init +0, Mentem
	This power allows a demon to appear in the dreams of a sleeping target (in 
	which case it costs 1 point), or make the target experience a waking dream 
	or vision (in which case it costs 5 points). A demon cannot instantly make
	substantial changes to a dream, but instead gradually twists it to take on 
	a darker and frightening tone, and can speak through any figure from the 
	subject's subconscious. A waking dream is more obvious; the victim suffers
	an immediate and powerful hallucination of whatever the demon desires. This
	may be so frightening the victim is stunned for a round, and must make a 
	Brave Personality roll against an Ease Factor of 9 or have an extreme 
	reaction, such as retching, convulsions or abject terror. This is the only
	way a spiritual demon can communicate with mortals.
