New Guidelines for Spells (As We Think of Them)

Rego Corpus:
	ReCo 5 states "move a target slowly in any direction you please, even if 
	unsupported"
	Using that guideline, you should be able to create a flight, or floating 
	spell.
	That being said, we have to decide what speed a person would move at, and
	if they can go faster.
	The first is easy. Our example spells that uses the ReCo 5 guideline 
	states "As fast as smoke rises".
	Give or take, I've seen (and people seem to agree) that smoke rises at 
	about 1 foot per second. Let's say that's one pace per round. That seems
	slow enough, and is roughly in line with the other ranges given in Ars.
	The second is a bit trickier. Based on our standard, 1 magnitude = *10 rule
	and on the example of the ReCo teleport spells, we get this:
		Base 5:		1 pace per round
		Base 10:	10 paces per round
		Base 15:	100 paces per round (At 1 pace ~ 1 meter, this is about
										 37mph, comparable to Wings of Soaring
										 Wind)
		Base 20:	1000 paces per round (This would assuredly require 
										  protection)
		Teleportation starts at ReCo 20 as well, but allows instant movement.
	Now, to fluff it out as per normal Ars Magica guidelines, I propose:
		Base 5:		As fast as smoke rises
		Base 10:	As fast as a man can run (About 13mph)
		Base 15:	As fast as a horse can gallop (Around 30mph)
		Base 20:	As fast as an eagle can fly (Around 80mph, this would be
		extremely uncomfortable without protection)
		Base 25: 	As fast as an arrow in flight (About 130mph, this would be
		impossible without protection, and would cut up anyone who foolishly
		attempted it like so)
		
		
Rune Magic:
	Kauno:
	Kauno is the rune associated with diseases, and it allows its users to 
	inflict diseases on their targets. These diseases however are designed as 
	per the ArM5 Core Rules. I propose re-adjusting them to fit with the Art &
	Academe rules for diseases, as such.
	Let us start with the highest Guideline, Kauno 45, which inflicts a 
	terminal illness. I think this is a bit out of flavour (and honestly a 
	little strange as no other Viktir Rune Magic allows you to outright kill
	someone), and I think the Viktir (and their gods) would allow their enemies
	a fighting chance to prove they are stronger than their attacker, whether 
	attacked by sword, fire or disease. Additionally, the disease must be 
	chosen when the script is designed and cannot be altered later, however 
	another script may be developed for a different disease.
	As such, I propose the following guidelines:
		Kauno 20: Inflict a Disease with Severity no greater than 6
		Kauno 25: Inflict a Disease with Severity no greater than 12
		Kauno 30: Inflcit a Disease with Severity no greater than 15
		Kauno 35: Inflict a Disease with Severity no greater than 18
		Kauno 40: Inflict a Disease with Severity no greater than 21
		Kauno 45: Inflict a Disease with Severity no greater than 24