St¨ªgandr's Grimoire

	I, St¨ªgandr gift the sight of the huldrae
	Laguz 5, Method I
	This script, often carved into a ring, or an amulet, allows whoever is
	wearing it to see through water as it were air. This script is often used
	by viktir accompanying sailors or raiding parties as it's low cost allows
	for quick scribing.
	
	St¨ªgandr gives the gift of water sight
	Laguz(Mannaz) 5, Method II
	This script allows its target to see through water as if it were air. This
	variant on the usual water-sight script was designed for use in storms, 
	where a man might get thrown overboard, in which case, the viktir would 
	cast or even quick cast a suite of spells, this being one of the first one
	both so a rescue can be attemped and so the poor soul now trapped 
	underwater can orient himself.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr sense the magical air
	Perth 10, Method I
	This script, often carved into a small amulet allows its wearer to sense
	Magical or Faerie auras with 10 paces of them, as well as their strength.
	
	St¨ªgandr readies the demon-slaying sword
	Thurisaz 12, Method II
	These runes, usually carved onto a piece of bone attached to a sword, or
	spear, reduce the Might Scores of any supernatural creatures (if it 
	penetrates) within about 10 paces by 2.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr, am thrice blessed
	Gebo 15, Method I
	St¨ªgandr receives a +3 bonus to all rolls involving meeting and influencing
	others. This script is very common, as it offsets some of the negative 
	effects of The Gift, however since St¨ªgandr has the Blatant Gift, it only
	allows him the pleasure of being treated with universal dislike and 
	distrust, instead of blind hatred, fear and murder attempts.
	
	St¨ªgandr curses his enemies with weeping wounds
	Berkanan(Mannaz) 20, Method II
	For as long as this script lasts, none of the target's Light Wounds will
	heal naturally (N.B. All wounds must become Light Wounds to heal 
	naturally), though they can still be healed magically.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr bring about Ragnarok
	Hagalaz 25, Method I
	These runes, often carved into a tablet, or the wall of a building, summon
	a blizzard in the area around the runes, even if a blizzard would not 
	normally be possible in that climate. The blizzard is not under the 
	caster's control, and will continue until it has snowed itself out, and 
	then dissipate. The snow and ice left behind will melt quickly in warmer
	climates.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr incite the heat of the forge
	Kauno 30, Method I
	This script, often quick cast by St¨ªgandr, causes an object to become hot
	enough to melt lead, causing it to do +15 Damage to the target, or anyone
	touching it each round.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr, dedicate helmet-destroying hail
	Hagalaz 30, Method I
	This rune gives the weapon on which it is inscribed a +6 bonus to Damage.
	
	St¨ªgandr curses (target) with Hel's sickness
	Kauno(Mannaz) 30, Method II
	This script, often carved near the target, and immediately removed or 
	destroyed; or far far away, with an Arcane Connection to the target, 
	inflicts a Serious (with a Severity of no greater than 15) disease, as 
	described below, that will not heal naturally so long as the runes last. 
	Often simply casting the script is enough to cripple the target, and so 
	St¨ªgandr will immediately destroy the runes.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr prepare the deadly curse
	Naudiz(Kauno, Mannaz) 30, Method I
	This script delays the resolution of another Kauno or Kauno Mannaz effect
	until this spell is broken. When carving the script, the caster describes 
	what conditions cause the spell to trigger, and then carves the bound 
	effect next to this script.
	
	St¨ªgandr carves the runes for (target's) health
	Dagaz(Mannaz) 25, Method II
	This script gives the target a +5 to Aging rolls so longs as the runes last
	the whole year.
	
	St¨ªgandr ensures a disease-ridden death for (target)
	Kauno(Mannaz) 30, Method II
	The target receives a -18 penalty to recovery rolls due to sickness or 
	disease, often sealing their fate to a gruesome death. This does not 
	include recovery rolls for physical injuries. It is also worth noting
	that this script will inflict a Warping Point when cast, and an additional
	one each season it lasts, essentially condemning the target to succumbing to
	Warping, or to disease eventually. This script is often combined with one 
	to inflict a relatively minor disease with a long recovery interval, which 
	when combined with this script, ensures nearly no chance of improvement 
	unless the target has magical aid.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr bring the heat of Nidhoggr's flames
	Kauno 45, Method I
	This script ingites its target, or causes it to become unnaturally hot (if
	it does not burn). This does +30 Damage to the target, or anything touching
	it each round. St¨ªgandr uses this script often on the weapons of his 
	enemies, or even fast-cast and carved into their flesh (on a successful 
	attack with Attack Advantage > 6), as it essentially guarantees a kill.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr see surely through the night
	Sowilo 10, Method I
	This script allows the target to see in the dark as if it were daylight. It
	is traditionally carved into a small twig carried with the viktir during 
	the night, and then burned on a campfire at daybreak.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr sense the pure and corrupted air
	Sowilo 10, Method I
	This script, often scribed into an amulet, allows its wearer to sense 
	Divine or Infernal auras within about 10 paces, as well as identify their
	strength.
	
	St¨ªgandr has need of his weapons
	Othila 20, Method II
	This spell summons a weapon to which the viktir has an Arcane Connection, 
	causing it to appear nearby, usually in the viktir's hand. A clever viktir 
	might use Method III to acheive this.
	
	St¨ªgandr sharpens this weapon for (target)
	Othila(Mannaz) 25, Method II
	This script gives the target a +5 bonus to his Initiative, Attack and 
	Damage score so long as he wields the weapon this script was cast on.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr learn of my precious family
	Ingwaz 20, Method I
	This script, often scribed quickly on a coin the target is holding, or
	any hard piece of clothing (or even skin if chalk or dye is available) 
	gives the target an instinctive understanding of where his or her family 
	is, including distance, direction and their current emotional state. 
	St¨ªgandr will often cast this at the beginning of each day, and during his
	meals when his family members are away from home (he's a bit of a 
	worry-wart), and cancels it if he thinks they are reasonably safe. If he
	knows, or detects that they are going into trouble, he will often keep the
	spell going for days on end so he can keep tabs on them and help them if 
	need be.
	
	St¨ªgandr protects his precious family
	Tiwaz(Mannaz) 25, Method II
	This script, learnt by St¨ªgandr so he can aid Runa and Rignhildr even when
	they are away, gives the target a +5 to Defense rolls, so long as the runes
	last. 
	
	St¨ªgandr strengthens his precious family
	Tiwaz(Mannaz) 25, Method II
	This script, learnt by St¨ªgandr so he could aid Runa and Rignhildr while 
	they were away, gives the target a +5 to their Attack rolls, so long as the 
	runes last.
	
	St¨ªgandr reassures his precious family
	Tiwaz(Ingwaz) 20, Method II
	This script, often carved before St¨ªgandr, or any of his family go on a 
	long or treacherous trip, increases the target's Confidence Score by 1, so
	long as their current Confidence Score is no greater than 1.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr ready a boon for the coming conflict
	Naudiz(Tiwaz, Mannaz) 20, Method I
	This script delays the resolution of another Tiwaz or Tiwaz Mannaz effect
	until this spell is broken. When carving the script, the caster describes 
	what conditions cause the spell to trigger, and then carves the bound 
	effect next to this script.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr steel my spells
	Perth 10, Method I
	This script decreases the amount of botch dice the target rolls for a 
	magical botch by two. Not really a spell in St¨ªgandr's normal repoitre,
	he learnt it from his wife after a particularly bad botch that left him
	without his magic for half a year.
	
	I, St¨ªgandr carve the runes of quality
	Othila 15, Method I
	These runes, when carved on an object, make it better at its function. A
	sword becomes light and sharp, a pick more able to dig into the earth. The
	object functions as if it were of Exceptional Quality, and reduces the 
	potential botch dice when used by two.
	
	St¨ªgandr calms the raging storm
	Hagalaz 20, Method II
	This script lessens the severity of any storm or harsh weather nearby, or 
	that has had an Arcane Connection to it worked into the runes. The 
	decreases in severity are as per the Creo Aurum Hermetic Guidelines. 
	(very severe -> severe -> normal -> minor -> calm)
	
	St¨ªgandr empowers nature's fury
	Hagalaz 20, Method II
	This scripts increases the severity of any weather phenomenon nearby, or 
	that has had an Arcane Connection to it worked into the runes. The 
	increases in severity are as per the Creo Aurum Hermetic Guidelines.
	(minor -> normal -> severe -> very severe)
	
	I, St¨ªgandr ready the runes of suffering
	Naudiz(Hagalaz) 25, Method I
	This script delays the resolution of another Hagalaz effect until this 
	spell is broken. When carving the script, the caster describes what 
	conditions cause the spell to trigger, and then carves the bound effect 
	next to this script.
	
	St¨ªgandr brings hail to crush his enemies
	Hagalaz(Mannaz) 30, Method II
	This script, after being carved on a surface, pummels a human target within
	ten paces of it (or to which an Arcane Connection has been inscribed) with 
	solid pieces of ice, doing +15 Damage each round.
	
	St¨ªgandr brings the chill of Hel to (target)
	Isa(Mannaz) 10, Method II
	This script, when cast, causes the target to lose a Fatigue Level, and 
	become cold to the touch.
	
	Notes:
	
	Hel's Sickness
	Serious Sanguine Disease, Severity 15
	Stable: 12, Improve: 18, Interval: Week
	Caused by a curse, this disease is difficult to resist even by those of
	strong constitution, and even harder to shake off. It is rumoured the 
	disease will not go away until the curse is lifted.
	Symptoms: Chills, fever, nausea, mild muscular spasms and pains. If the 
	disease worsens to a Major disease, muscle and bone rot sets in and the 
	patient is inflicted by the Enfeebled Flaw, and will find it incredibly 
	difficult to move with the constant pain, and any action requiring a 
	Fatigue roll also requires an immediate Disease Recovery roll (before the 
	Fatigue roll), with no chance of improvement.
	If this roll is above the Stable Ease Factor, then nothing happens. If it 
	is below the Stable Ease Factor, the patient suffers an immediate Medium
	Wound as he has torn a muscle group during the strenuous period.