Teresa (Tess), Tainted Child

"Wh-Who are you?"

Infernal Might: 9 (Corpus)
Characteristics:
	Int: +4
	Per:  0
	Pre: +2
	Com: +2
	Str: -2
	Sta: +2
	Dex: +1
	Qik:  0
Size: -1
Age: 8 (17)
Decrepitude: 0 (0)
Warping Score: 0 (0)
Confidence Score: 1 (3)
Hierarchy Score: 1
Virtues and Flaws:
	Virtues: (20)
		Apt Student (Minor, General) -1
			(When being taught by someone else, add five to your Advancement
			Total)
		Devil Child (Free - Mythic Companion Virtue)
		Demonic Blood (Major, Supernatural) -3
			(30 Levels of Infernal Powers that may be invoked at will by 
			spending Might Points, the Might Cost of which is Mag/2, and 
			Initiative is = Qik)
		Demonic Might x2 (Minor, Supernatural) -2
			(A permananent +2 to Might)
		Demonic Powers x5 (Minor, Supernatural, Tainted) -5
			(An additional 20 Levels of Infernal Powers)
		Magical Warder (Major, General) -3
			A spirit of vengeance watches over Tess and protects her. It was
			originally contracted to protect her and report her dealings to
			her demonics parents, who thought the spirit was actually a lower 
			demon. In point of fact, he is a ghost tainted by the Infernal 
			Realm, who managed to trick the demons into allowing him to bond
			with Tess. His reasons for doing this are unknown, but regardless,
			he is extremely protective of his charge, to an almost sadistic
			streak. He has also recently started feeding her demonic parents
			misinformation, after killing the raunch that watched over her.
			(He claimed that it had tried to harm her, and he acted as per his
			contract. While the demons weren't pleased at this, and did punish
			him by stripping some of his Might, but they were reluctant to
			completely destroy him, as he had done good work protecting her
			to that point)
			During their time together, he has developed a way of 'switching' 
			with her, so that he inhabits her body (and her body is transformed
			to suit his build) and she becomes the floating spirit. He only 
			does this when she is in extreme danger, or excrutiating pain, 
			however, as Tess does not usually enjoy how he 'deals' with said 
			situations.
			Despite all this, the two of them get along reasonably well, and
			often chat using their mental link, especially when Tess is 
			stressed, as it helps her take her mind off of the situation.
		Great Intelligence (Minor, General) -1
			Tess absorbs information incredibly easily and can make astounding
			logical leaps for someone so young.
		Improved Characteristics x2 (Minor, General) -2
			(An extra 3 points to spend on Characteristics)
		Puissant Guile (Minor, General, Free) -1
		Puissant Stealth (Minor, General) -1
		Rapid Convalescence (Minor, General) -1
	Flaws: (20)
		Tragic Life (Major, Supernatural) +6
		Small Frame (Minor, General) +2
		Greater Malediction (Major, Supernatural) +6
			Tess can still suffer Vituperation, with all its' advantages
			and disadvantages, however, instead of recieving (and checking for)
			Warping Points, Might Points are used instead. In essence, this 
			means any time she would recieve 2 or more Warping Points (for 
			whatever reason), or any time she is (unwillingly) stripped of 2 or
			more Might Points (this does not trigger when she activates her 
			abilities), she is instead stripped of either 2 Might Points, 
			or the amount of Might Points which she would've lost, whichever is
			greater, and checks for Vituperation.
			Additionally, Tess still suffers extra botch dice in Infernal 
			auras despite being aligned with the Infernal Realm (however, she 
			still gets bonuses to Casting Totals).
			This is a side-effect of her demonic conception, which would've
			gone "better" if her mother had not inadvertedly wandered into a
			powerful Divine aura, which stripped the child's affiliation
			to the Infernal Realm.	
		Depraved (Minor, Personality) +2
			In her own words "Religion makes pointless what humans would do of
			their own free will. If my doctrine demands I be kind, then I am no
			longer being kind, simply dutiful."
			Due to this philosohpy, Tess often gets into disagreements with 
			members of the clergy (when she encounters them), and religious
			members of the party. She also has a general disdain for worship
			(Alexander may have rubbed off on her), and avoids services like
			the plague.
		Nocturnal (Minor, Personality) +2
			You are at -1 on all rolls between dawn and midday. Conversely, you
			have little difficulty staying up at night, and often stay up late
			into the night.
			
			Tess often stays around Aelita during the small hours, as she's
			usually the only one awake then, much to the latter's chagrin. 
			Despite this, Aelita knows that it's her duty to take care of the 
			girl, and will accept Tess' quirks and child-like behaviours (she 
			is only  eight after all, a fact often forgotten). Tess herself 
			doesn't realise how rare it is for Aelita to allow company, and 
			simply takes joy in the fact that she has someone to 'play' with,
			and talk to. Aelita, on the other hand, finds an extra pair of 
			hands around the lab useful, and often tutors Tess on magical
			theory while she works.	
		Witch Marks (Minor, General, Tainted) +2
			Tess has an intricate cross-shaped scar on the back of each hand.
			No one is quite sure how they got there, but it might be due to the
			same Divine aura that stripped her Infernal affiliation.
			Most members of the clergy would consider such self-mutilation (for
			there could be no other way such an intricate pattern could end up
			on someone's skin) sacrelige, and Christians in general would be 
			extremely suspect of such marks. Members of the clergy may even
			declare Tess a witch and demand her murder or burning. Due to this,
			she often wears fingerless gloves over her hands, which were bought
			for her by Frederik while he was out trading, and later modified
			(and enchanted) to allow her greater freedom with her hands.
Personality Traits:
	Over-Affectionate 	+3 (Often to her detriment, as she does not have the 
							emotional maturity to deal with said emotions.)
	Loyal				+3 (To her Friends)
	Shy					+2
	Determined			+2
Reputations:
	Chosen by a Demon (False Gods)		+1
Combat:

Soak:

Equipment:
	

Fatigue Levels: OK, 0, -1, -3, -5, Unc.
Wound Penalties: -1 (1-4), -3 (5-8), -5 (9-12), Incap. (13-16), Dead (17+)
Abilities:
	Ability				Specialty			 	Sc	Xp
	Hungarian			(Poetry)				5	75
	Latin				(Academic Usage)		3	40
	
	Art of Memory		(Texts)					2	21
	Artes Liberales		(Logic)					2	19
	Athletics			(Grace)					2	15
	Charm				(Being Witty)			2	15
	Concentration		(Reading)				0	0
	Guile 				(Concealing Motives)	3+2	32
	Infernal Lore		(Demons)				2	16
	Legerdemain			(Picking Pockets)		2	17
	Magic Theory		(Enchanting Items)		3	38
	Music				(Sing)					2	26
	Single Weapon		(Daggers)				3	30
	Stealth				(Sneak)					2+2	18
	
	True Name of		(Seere)					1	5
	True Name of 		(Dantalion)				1	5
Powers:

	Take the Gift of Inspiration/And Replace It With Retardation
	Debauchery, Consumption, Level 25
	R:Touch, D:Concentration, T: Individual
	Might Cost: 2, Init equal to Qik, Mentem
		Tess touches the forehead of the victim (often herself), and then the
		forehead of the target, granting it a +3 to Int, but to no greater than
		+4, and cursing the victim with a -3 to Int, but to no less than -4 
		while the spell lasts.
		(Base 5, +2 Increased Char (+3 total), +1 Touch, +1 Conc)
	
	Bend the Body, Break the Will/What Can Injure, Will Not Kill!
	Incantation, Consumption, Level 35
	R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual
	Might Cost: 3, Init equal to Qik, Corpus
		Tess sings a song that starts pure and innocent, which throughout the 
		ritual becomes more and more mournful, until it sings of death and
		despair. The song strips the target of a potentially grevious wound,
		but will inflict a similar wound upon it's caster.
		Permanently heals one Heavy Wound, one Medium Wound or two Light 
		Wounds, and strikes the victim with a Heavy Wound.
		(Base 25, +1 versatility, +1 Touch)
	
	As a Branch In a Fearsome Gale/Break This Pleb As I Exhale
	Debauchery, Malediction, Level 20
	R:Voice, D:Momentary, T:Part
	Might Cost: 2, Init equal to Qik, Corpus
		With a few vehement words, Tess breaks a target bone of a victim in 
		range of her voice, inflicting a Medium Wound, and if used on a major
		bone, crippling that limb. The bone breaks with great force, and a 
		loud, if rather sickening snap.
		(Base 5, +2 Voice, +1 Part)
		
	As Bats Travel Through The Night/Grant Me The Power of Flight
	Debauchery, Phantasm, Level 5
	R:Personal, D:Sun, T:Individual
	Might Cost: 1, Init equal to Qik, Corpus
		Tess grows large, leathery bat wings from her back, which allow her to
		fly at up to 40mph. These wings dissolve quickly in a Divine aura. Tess
		can end this effect by concentrating.
		(Base 3, +2 Sun)
	
	Grant Me the Silence of Black Cats Stalking The Night
	Debauchery, Phantasm, Level 10
	R:Personal, D:Sun, T:Part
	Might Cost: 1, Init equal to Qik, Corpus
		Hides all sounds created by Tess for the duration of the effect, 
		except her vocal cords, so she can still speak.
		(Base 3, +2 Sun, +1 Part)
	
	With This Object As A Coal/Grant Heat That Burns As Hot As My Soul
	Debauchery, Effusion, Level 10
	R:Touch, D:Diameter, T:Individual
	Might Cost 1, Init equal to Qik, Ignem
		Heats an object to a heat hot enough for iron to glow red hot (~700 
		degrees). This may cause things to catch fire and/or decompose. 
		This causes +10 damage, or double the weapon's normal damage, whichever 
		is higher, if used in the same round as the power is used, and +5 
		damage, or double the weapon's damage, whichever is higher for a 
		Diameter.
		(Base 4, +1 Touch, +1 Diameter)
	
	From the Whispers in the Night/Form My Friendly Sprite
	Incantation, Diablerie, Level 25
	R:Arcane Connection, D:Momentary, T:Individual
	Might Cost: 2, Init Equal to Qik, Vim
		Summons a sprite in the shape of a small fire, with a smiley face on 
		it. The sprite has a telepathic link to Tess and will follow mental
		commands to the best of its abilities. The sprite can also shapeshift.
		Tess was given small ever-burning embers by small spirits of fire after
		she (read: Aelita and troupe) rescued them from being used as Might
		sources for some particularly mean demons. These small embers currently
		reside as embellishments on Tess' necklace.
		(It also has a character sheet, for detailed information.)
		It is worth noting that Tess has always had this power, however she never 
		really needed to summon a creature. It was intended as a way for her to
		summon any demons she needed for her 'plots', but she was never given 
		any Arcane Connections to demons. She later renamed the power when
		she found a use for it.
		(Base 5, +4 Arcane Connection)
Appearance:
	Teresa is a petite girl for 16, coming in at only 4'9", and with a very 
	slim build. She looks as though she might shatter if you breathed at her
	too hard, almost as if she were a porcelain doll. Adding to this illusion
	are her stunningly large amber eyes, her almost glistening silver-y hair, 
	and her bleached bone white skin. She prefers to dress in black, and wears 
	silver jewellery.



Tess was created by a demon for the purpose of corrupting an important noble,
and triggering a huge war, a la Helen of Troy. She spent her early childhood
cared for by her mother, who mysteriously died on the day she turned 8. The 
local villagers considered this a bad omen and banished her from the village. 
As she wandered the local country side, feeding from plants and the occassional
extremely convenient leftover cooked meat from a camp (this was orchestrated by
her raunch, who would Blight the campers, and scare them away while they were
eating). After wandering for a few months, she happened upon a young prince
from the local area who was out hunting. When asked why she was out here and
not at home, she replied that she had no home, as she had been kicked out of
her village. Feeling sorry for her, the prince took her in and promised to find
her a new home. After two years of living in the castle, the prince has almost
lost hope, and was considering just adopting the poor girl, as she seemed to
have suffered through great trauma for someone so young. However, a band of
mages visited the castle, asking for a audience with the lord. They were 
apparently going to set up a small covenant nearby, and wanted the lord's
blessing. The prince met them after their audience with the lord and asked if
they would be willing to take the girl in. Though he innately distrusted three 
of the magi, the fourth seemed quite pleasant. He had been told before that
most magi ellicit an aura of distrust, and that this reaction of distrust was 
normal, so he tried to ignore it, as the magi had been polite when in audience
with the lord; and the prince was a trusting man.
Two of the female maga took one look at the girl and their expressions became 
extremely stern. After a little back and forth in what the prince figured was 
probably Latin, they agreed to take her in, on the condition that the prince 
tell no one what had happened to the girl, and insist she had run away. The 
prince agreed to the strange terms, and shook hands with the mages.
From that point on, Tess' "parents" have repeatedly tried to steer her back
towards the nobility, as it would still be a few years until she was needed,
but each attempt was foiled by the group of magi. The demons involved have 
begun to get incredibly frustrated with the situation and are considering 
outright murdering everyone involved and trying again with an actual demon.
For this reason, Fredrik has been crafting and enchanting items for her to use,
as well as tutoring her (with help from the others) in self-defence and using 
her powers effectively.
In addition, Alexander has been contacting various good-natured demons, and 
asking for their assistance. Many have suggested that she learn the Infernal
Methods and Powers, as they are a part of her heritage, and are the only form
of magic she could learn, due to her Infernal Might. Aelita and the troupe are
reluctant to allow her this however, as it would mark her as an Infernalist, 
and the Methods themselves are quite unpleasant to activate, requiring sinning 
or self-injury in most cases. 

Notes:
	Maleficium roll: stress die + Characteristic + Method + Power + aura bonus
	Incantation uses Com
	Debauchery 	uses Sta
	
	Vituperation:
		The character is overcome with the power of the Infernal, wrenching her
		from consciousness and temporarily tearing her mind and body into 
		pieces.
		
		The roll to resist Vituperation (for Tess) is:
			Stamina + Concentration + Confidence Score + stress die
									vs
			Number of Infernal Might lost + Hierarchy Score + local 
						aura + stress die (no botch)
		If she is successful, after a few moments, Tess and Alexander manage to
		control the malign supernatural forces attacking her, and do not suffer
		any long term ills. Otherwise, she is stuck in Vituperation for a period
		equal to (Number of Might Points lost - 2) on the Wizard's Twilight 
		table.
		When Vituperation is over, Tess returns and must make an immediate 
		Aging Roll as such:
			stress die (no botch) + (age / 10, rounded up) - living conditions
					modifier + (Number of Might Points lost - 2)
		Once this ordeal is over, Tess' Confidence Score may be increased by 
		one, if it is less than either the number of Might Points lost - 2, or
		her Decrepitude. This represents how the terrifying experience hardens 
		her resolve and increases her self-reliance.