Yuki, The Myrmidon

"Who dies next?"

Characteristics:
	Int: -1
	Per:  0
	Pre: +2
	Com: -1
	Str:  0
	Sta: -2
	Dex: +2
	Qik: +5
Size: -1
Age: 21 (19)
Decrepitude: 0
Warping Score: 0 (3)
Confidence Score: 0 (0)
Virtues and Flaw:
	Virtues: (5)
		Great Quickness (Minor, General) x2 -2
			(Yuki is lengendarily fast on his feet, and has extraordinary 
			reaction times)
		Craft Guild Training (Minor, General) -1
			(Yuki recieved training from a master smith during his time in 
			Spain and gets an extra 50xp to spend on any smithing Craft, 
			Profession, Bargain or Blacksmith's Guild Lore)
		Warrior (Minor, General) -1
			(Yuki spent some time learning how to wield a katana, as well as 
			the ways of warfare from a ronin who frequented his master's shop 
			in Japan)
			(50 xp to spend on Martial Abilities)
		Puissant Great Weapon (Minor, General) -1
			(Yuki has a knack for using the swords he makes, and as such, any 
			use of Great Weapons is considered two higher than it actually is)
		Adept with Craft:Swordsmith (Minor, General) -1
			(Yuki learns very blacksmithing practices very quickly, and any 
			Study Total for the Craft is increased by 50%, as is any experience
			spent on it at character generation)
	Flaws: (5)
		Ability Block (Minor, General) +1
			(Yuki has an extreme dislike for arts he thinks are 'lady-like', or
			'prim and proper', and refuses to learn them. These includes Law, 
			Charm, Music (though he can appreciate it), Philosophiae and 
			Theology as well as any Craft or Profession that might be 
			considered feminine)
		Dark Secret (Major, Story) +3
			(REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED 
			REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED 
			REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED)
		Small Frame (Minor, General) +1
			(Yuki is rather small for a guy. His Size is -1 and as such he 
			takes Wounds in 4 point increments)
Personality Traits:
	Reserved	+2
	Ruthless	+1
	Loyal		+3
Reputations:
	Smith's Apprentice (Japan)			+1
	Smith's Apprentice (Spain)			+2
	Quick Learner (Blacksmith's Guild)	+2
Combat:
	Katana:			Init +5, Attack +12, Defense +13, Damage +6, Load 1
	Fist:			Init +5, Attack +3,  Defense +6, Damage -2, Load n/a
	Yuki wears no armour to speak of.
Soak: 0
Protection: 0
Fatigue Levels: OK, 0, -1, -3, -5, Unc.
Wound Penalties: -1 (1-4), -3 (5-8), -5 (9-12), Incap. (13-16), Dead (17+)
Abilities:
	Ability					Specialty					Sc	Xp
	Japanese				(Haikus)					5	75
	Spanish					(Blacksmithing Terms)		4	50
	
	Hokkaido Lore			(Hiding Spots)				2	15
	Blacksmith's Guild Lore	(Japan)						2	20
	
	Craft:Swordsmith		(Katanas)					7	143
	Craft:Jeweller*			(Pendants)					2	25
	
	Athletics				(Running)					1	5
	Awareness				(Spotting Guards)			2	15
	Bargain					(Metals)					2	20
	Brawl					(Daggers)					1	10
	Etiquette				(Judging Station)			3	30
	Folk Ken				(Nobles)					3	35
	Great Weapon			(Katana)					4+2	50
	Guile					(Getting out of Trouble)	3	30
	Intrigue				(Getting Information)		2	15
	
Appearance:
	Yuki is a short slim boy, with shoulder length jet black hair and equally 
	charcoal dark eyes. He is unmistakably Asian and unmistakably attractive. 
	His skin is alabaster white, though with a slight Asian tinge to it, which 
	contrasts strongly with his eyes and hair. His facial features are soft and
	almost feminine, though he utterly hates people pointing that out. He is 
	quiet, and mostly reserved, though he is slightly more relaxed around 
	people he knows, sometimes cracking dry jokes.

N.B. Yuki is actually a girl who ran away from home. This is a Dark Secret of 
sorts and would shame her and her master if people were to find out one of the 
quickest learning apprentices to such a famous smith was a girl.
Though she doesn't realise it, she is incredibly graceful in everything she 
does, and people often wonder if she was blessed by the gods.
She is at a -3 to all social skill rolls while trying to act as a female.
*Only after being convinced that even men wear jewellery