Hannah, The Falcon Girl

"How can I help?"

Magic Might: 10 (8) (Aurum)
Characteristics:
	Int: +2
	Per: +1
	Pre: -1
	Com: +1
	Str: -2
	Sta:  0
	Dex: +2
	Qik: +5
Size: -1
Season: Summer
Confidence Score: 1 (3)
Age: 50 (22)
Virtues and Flaws:
	Virtues: (5)
		Magic Human (Special) F
		Homing Instinct (Minor, Supernatural) -1
			Hannah knows how to get from where she is to a number of locations 
			equal to her Intelligence. To add a location, she makes a
			Intelligence + Concentration roll vs EF 6, and the location must be
			open to the air. She often uses this power to return to specific
			'safe houses' so to speak, near her current location.
		Essential Virtue (Major, General) -3
			Hannah's natural intuition on how to use her body is uncannily good 
			and allows her a great advantage when manoeuvring, moving quickly,
			or making sudden shifts in centre of balance or posture.
			Hannah has the Essential Trait, Inuitive Use of Body at +6, and 
			this may be applied to any roll regarding movements or adjustments
			of her body, whether in flight, clinging to an edge, or darting
			around in combat.
		Large (Minor, General) -1
			Hannah is rather large by medieval female standards.
	Flaws: (5)
		Compassionate (Major, Personality) +3
			Hannah cannot stand to see people suffer and as such tries to be as
			helpful as she can. Despite her best efforts, most people are still
			deathly afraid of her, so she has learned to stick to the shadows,
			and to not show her face if it can at all be helped. She often 
			hides her wings under an expansive cloak, and explains her eyes as
			a genetic deformity.	
		Naive (Minor, Personality) +1
			Hannah believes that helping people is innately the right thing to 
			do, even if they have evil things in mind. She doesn't understand
			why you would not help someone who asked for, or needed it. Despite
			this, she is aware enough of cause and effect to know that helping
			someone who will hurt multiple others is counter-productive. Even 
			so, she is reasonably easy to manipulate, and has been caught in
			a few malicious plans in her time.
		Infamous (Minor, General) +1
			There's only ever been once occassion where Hannah's calmness has
			broken down, and it was when she a young girl being raped in a town 
			she was flying over. She went into a nose dive and tore the rapists
			apart. Nobody except her really knows how the fight went; even the
			girl who was raped seems to have repressed it, but it took 
			authorities a week and a half to figure out just who the dead man
			were. Unluckily for Hannah, a guard rounded the corner into the 
			alley after hearing a scream, and only caught Hannah tearing the 
			attackers limb from limb. The guard ran, half in fear, and half to
			get backup, but when he returned, she was gone. He did manage to
			get a look at Hannah's face, and as such her poster has been
			circulated around all of England, and there is a 100 Mythic Pound
			bounty on her head, dead or alive.
Qualities and Inferiorities:
	Qualities: (13)
		Improved Abilities x2 -2
			(Extra 50xp)
		Improved Characteristics x3 -3
			(Extra 3 points to spend)
		Improved Powers -1
			(5 mastery points to spend)
		Lesser Power -1
			(Prying Eyes)
		Personal Power x6 -6
			(Dash like Winds)
			(Sight Beyond Sight)
			(Eyes of the Eagle)
			(Silence of the Hunter)
			(Talons of Steel)
			(Zephyr Jaunt)
	Inferiorities: (10 + 3)
		Monstrous Appearance F
			Due to Hannah's large, feathered wings, and her razor sharp claws,
			people are incredibly afraid of and mistrusting of her and will 
			often either run away, or attempt to kill her on sight.
			Hannah is at a -6 penalty in all social situations, and to any 
			rolls involving the trust or loyalty of others.
		Miniature +3
			Hannah's magical body is a lot smaller than it really should be,
			however, she is a reasonably well built girl to begin with (the 
			Large virtue), so all in all, she is only slightly smaller than 
			most.
Personality Traits:
	Intuitive Use of Body*	+6
	Falcon*					+3
	Compassionate			+3
	Naive					+2
	Calm					+2
Reputations:
	Monster		+2 (Among Irish Peasants)
	Psychopath	+4 (All of England)
Combat:
	Natural Weapons:
		Talons: Init -1, Attack +3, Defense +4, Damage +2
		
	Talons:		Init +4, Attack +9, Defense +13, Damage 0
	Gem Talons:	Init +4, Attack +14, Defense +13, Damage +2
	
Soak: 
Fatigue Levels: OK, 0, -1, -3, -5, Unc.
Wound Penalties: -1 (1-4), -3 (5-8), -5 (9-12), Incap. (13-16), Dead (17+)

Abilities:
	(0 xp)
	Ability				Specialty					Sc	Xp
	Gaelic				Prose						5	75
	
	Athletics			Flying						6	105
	Brawl				Talons						4	50
	Carouse				Staying Sober				2	15
	Concentration		Memorizing					3	30
	Hunt				Tracking					4	50
	Music				Singing						3	30
	Penetrataion		Talons Like Gems			1	10
	Stealth				Shadowing					6	105
Powers:
	Dash like Winds
	R:Personal, D:Diameter, T:Individual
	Might Cost: 1, Init Qik - 2, Aurum
	Creates hurricane-force winds immediately next to Hannah's wings, allowing 
	her to accelerate to up to 80mph, and maintain flight, as well as using the
	wind to deflect missiles. If Hannah attacks anyone at full speed, they must 
	make Size stress rolls vs 6, or be knocked away. A botch indicates they 
	fall over.
	Cr(Re)Au 20 (Base 5, +1 Diameter, +2 Highly Unnatural): Personal Power 
	(20 Levels, Might Cost -1)
	Improved Powers: (Mastery +1: Fast Casting)
	
	Zephyr Jaunt
	R:Personal, D:Momentary, T:Individual
	Might Cost: 0, Init Qik, Aurum
	Teleports Hannah up to 5 paces in any direction she pleases, allowing her 
	to dodge, or move around with greater ease than usual.
	This power conserves momentum relative to her orientation, and can be used
	to 'drift', slide around, or quickly change her direction of motion.
	ReAu 10 (Base 10, transport a target up to 5 paces instantly 
	(ReCo guideline), +1 unnatural conservation of momentum): Personal Power 
	(15 Levels, Might Cost -1, Init +1)
	
	Sight Beyond Sight
	R:Personal, D:Concentration, T:Vision
	Might Cost: 0, Init Qik, Imaginem
	All of Hannah's senses, except taste and touch, operate at a distance, to 
	as far as she can see. This allows her to easily eavesdrop on, track, or 
	find targets.
	InIm 20 (Base 3, +1 Conc, +4 Vision): Personal Power (20 Levels, 
	Might Cost -1)
	Improved Powers: (Might Cost -2, Init +2)
	
	Eyes of the Eagle
	R:Personal, D:Sun, T:Vision
	Might Cost 2, Init Qik - 3, Imaginem, Constant
	Hannah can see distant things clearly. No matter how far away something is
	Hannah can make out details as if it were only a foot away. This does not
	mean that all objets appear to be a foot away, she can simply make out
	details as if they were. She can still judge distance accurately, in fact
	much more accurately than humans; to within an inch or so at a distance of
	several miles.
	InIm 30 (Base 3, +2 Sun, +4 Vision, +1 Constant): Personal Power 
	(25 Levels, 5 Levels, Might Cost -1)
	
	Silence of the Hunter
	R:Personal, D:Sun, T:Part
	Might Cost 1, Init Qik - 1, Imaginem
	Makes Hannah's body unable to produce any sound, with the exception of her
	vocal cords, allowing her to still speak. This power is often used by her
	when tailing others, or sneaking around.
	PeIm 15 (Base 3, +2 Sun, +1 Part, +1 changing image): Personal Power 
	(15 Levels, 10 Levels to Eyes of the Eagle)
	
	Talons like Gems
	R:Personal, D:Sun, T:Part
	Might Cost 0, Init Qik - 2, Terram, Constant
	Hannah's claws are made from a strange crystalline material that is 
	incredibly hard, and can slash through hardened steel like it was butter.
	This grants her a +5 to Attack, and a +2 to Damage.
	MuAn(Te) 15 (Base 2, +2 Sun, +1 Part, +2 Highly Unnatural): Personal Power 
	(15 Levels, Might Cost -2)
	
	Prying Eyes
	R:Touch, D:Concentration, T:Room
	Might Cost 0, Init Qik -1, Imaginem
	Hannah can see inside of a room, so long as she touches one of its walls.
	If the room is unlit, or poorly lit, she can only see as much as she could 
	if she were within in the room, however magical enchancements to sight 
	still work. She may change her viewpoint within the room throughout the 
	duration of the power. Note that if Hannah is touching the roof of a room,
	she can still use this power.
	InIm 5 (Base 1, +1 Touch, +1 Conc, +2 Room): Lesser Power (5 Levels, 
	Might Cost -1, Init +1, 10xp to Penetration)
	
Vis: 2 pawns of Aurum, one in each wing.
	
Appearance:
	Hannah is a reasonably tall, if well built girl. She has shoulder-length 
	burgundy hair and brown eyes.
	She would honestly be rather unassuming if it wasn't for the two giant 
	wings protruding from her back and the fact that her eyes were slightly too
	large. That, combined with her razor sharp talons, that replace her 
	fingernails, mean she doesn't just stand out, she paints a giant target of
	herself if she doesn't hide at least the wings. Her total wingspan 
	(tip to tip) is just over 8 feet, and her wings are powerful enough to 
	generate large gusts when flapped at ground level.
	Her talons are near razor sharp, and if used in a swoop, can do horrifying
	amounts of damage. Her feet are also mildly deformed in that she can bend
	them as if they were jointed, allowing her to grip on to edges very 
	securely, even if she shifts her balance. 
	She is a reasonably calm girl, who has a surprisngly good sense of 
	intuition, but is often far too naive for her own good. She has been chased
	out of many communities as they feared she was a devil or witch, trying to
	tempt them to sin. In actuality, she was simply trying to help them out. 
	Not that medieval peasants would understand that.