Ashe, The Ageless



Characteristics:
	Int: +2
	Per: +4
	Pre:  0
	Com: +2
	Str: +1
	Sta:  0
	Dex:  0
	Qik: -3
	
Size: 0
Age: 211 (42)
Decrepitude: 0
Warping Score: 5 (84)
Confidence Score: 1 (3)
Virtues and Flaws:
	Virtues: (10)
		The Gift (Special, Free)
		Hermetic Magus (Social Status, Free)
		Life-Linked Spontaneous Magic (Major, Hermetic) -3
			When Ashe casts a spont. spell, she may declare the level of effect
			she wishes to produce before rolling. This may include a number of 
			levels of Penetration.
			Roll as per usual. If her result is higher than the level declared,
			she only spends one Fatigue Level as normal. If, however, the 
			result is lover, she must spend one additional Fatigue level per
			5 points, or fraction thereof, by which she missed the target. If 
			she runs out of Fatigue Levels, she takes a wound. The number of 
			levels still needed is treated as the Attack Advantage, and she 
			takes a corresponding wound. She can kill herself this way.
			N.B. Ashe may still cast fatiguing spont. spells normally if she
			wishes.
		Puissant Creo (Minor, Hermetic) -1
			(Add 3 to Creo whenever you use it)
		Affinity with Creo (Minor, Hermetic) -1
			(All Study Totals for Creo are increased by half, rounded up. Any
			points put into it at char gen are also increased by half.)
		Free Expression (Minor, General) -1
			(+3 Bonus on all rolls to create a new work of art)
		Great Perception (Minor, General) -1
			(Ashe really has a motherly eye for detail, and notices nearly
			everything that goes on around her.)
		Skilled Parens (Minor, Hermetic) -1
			(Extra 60 xp and 30 spell levels during char gen)
		Good Teacher (Minor, General) -1
			(Add 3 to the Quality of any Books Ashe writes, and 5 to the 
			Advancement Total of anyone who studies with her)
		Life Boost (Minor, Hermetic) -1
			Ashe may boost her formulaic casting by expending additional 
			Fatigue levels. Each Fatigue level increases the roll by +5. She
			may burn more Fatigue Levels than she possesses, however if she 
			does, she must Soak 5 damage per extra fatigue level + stress die,
			without the help of armour. Ashe can kill herself doing this. The
			number of Fatigue Levels is committed before the casting roll is 
			made.
		The Enigma (Minor, Hermetic) M
			Ashe is a member of House Criamon, and as such has been inducted
			into the Enigma, and has the ability Enigmatic Wisdom.
		Gentle Gift (Minor, Hermetic) M
			Ashe's Gift is subtle and does not give the usual penalty to social
			interaction.
		Inspirational (Minor, General) M
			Ashe is a stirring speaker, and can urge people to great efforts.
			She can give targets a +3 bonus to rolls for appropriate 
			Personality Traits.
		Dance that Heals (Major, Supernatural) M
			Ashe may dance around objects to bring them to wholeness again. A
			cracked gem made be made whole, or a broken tool fixed, but a 
			cabochon could not be returned to an uncut gem. Humans, being
			creatures with control over their own destiny cannot be healed by 
			this power, however the dance can prevent them from dying while 
			others provide magical, or mundane healing.
		The Station of Adulation (Major, Special) M
			Ashe may use her Enigmatic Wisdom Score in lieu of any dancing 
			skill, and may use this skill to communicate complex concepts in 
			metaphorical form, through artworks of devastating insight. Mundane
			viewers of one who has achieved this station grasp, in a way they 
			cannot describe, the message the magus is attempting to convey. 
			They find it persuasive, but are unable to articulate it in any
			detail unless they have Enigmatic Wisdom.
		The Station of Exultation (Minor, Special) M
			Ashe may perform a labyrinth meditation while circling, or carrying
			an object to add one plausible, positive adjective to the object.
		Repose (Major, Special) M
			Ashe may change her apparent age and gender at any time. The male
			and female versions of her look like blood relatives, and each 
			gender is consistent across ages (It is the same person at 20 as
			it is at 50, just older). Ashe may also change her species at any
			time, becoming any animal, or plant. Different aged animals still
			look like blood relatives, but most humans won't be able to notice
			this.
	Flaws: (10)
		Study Requirement (Major, Hermetic) +3
			Ashe must study in the presence of appropriate Arts. See the table
			on page 49 of Core Rules, for examples.
		Twilight Prone (Major, Hermetic) +3
			Ashe must roll to resist twilight on single magical botch, rather
			than a double botch, like most magi.
		Weird Magic (Minor, Hermetic) +1
			Ashe rolls an extra botch die when she casted a stressed spell,
			apart from her other botch dice. Botches from this die are strange
			and bizarre, rather than dangerous, and if a Weird Magic botch 
			occurs with a regular botch, the results are spectacular.
		Compassionate (Major, Personality) +3
			Ashe tries to help anyone who is wounded or in trouble, and does
			not enjoying combat, or fighting in the least. This may explain
			why she chose the path she did in her House. It may also explain
			how the whole situation with Tess ended up happening.
		Non-combatant (Major, General) M
			Ashe's progress on the Path of Walking Backwards marks her as a 
			healer, and as such, she can no longer harm others. To avoid 
			spiritual dilemmas, she often sits out the escapades of her friends
			and when confronted, prefers to retreat, or confuse the attacker 
			into leaving.
		The Harmony of Everything (Major, General) M
			Ashe cannot use the Perdo technique with any form except Vim or 
			Imaginem.
Personality Traits:
	Compassionate	+3
	Motherly		+3
	Clever			+2
Reputations:
  Fair Teacher          (Order of Hermes) +3
  Waiting on Something  (House Criamon)   +2
Combat:
	Dodging:	Init -3, Attack n/a, Defense -3, Damage n/a
Soak: 0
Fatigue Levels: OK, 0, -1, -3, -5, Unconscious
Wound Penalties: -1 (1-5), -3 (6-10), -5 (11-15), Incap. (16-20), Dead (21+)
Abilities:
	Ability				    Specialty					      Sc  Xp
	Swedish				    Poetry						      5	  75
	Latin				      Hermetic Usage		      6	  105
	Hungarian			    Poetry						      5	  75

  Animal Handling   Cats                    5   75
	Artes Liberales	  Logic 			  			    7	  140
  Charm             Being Witty             5   75
	Chirurgy			    Diagnosis			  		    8	  180
  Code of Hermes    Tribunal Procedures     3   30
	Etiquette			    Peasants				  	    5	  75
	Finesse				    Grace					  	      10  275
	Folk Ken			    Townsfolk				  	    5	  75
	Guile				      Lying to Authority	    5	  75
  Intrigue          Mediating               5   75
  Leadership        Inspiration             5   75
	Magic Theory		  Creo						        10  275
	Medicine			    Anatomy						      8	  180
	Music				      Singing						      9	  225
	Parma Magica		  Creo						        6	  105
  Penetration       Creo                    5   75
  Philosophiae      Ritual Magic            8   180
  Teaching          Magic Theory            10  275
	
	Enigmatic Wisdom	Comprehending Twilight	10  275
  Magic Lore        Magical Traditions      5   75
  Faerie Lore       Faerie Gods             4   50
  Infernal Lore     Demons                  4   50
  Dominion Lore     Angels                  4   50
	
Arts:
		Techniques							  Forms
	Art		Score	Xp		Art		Score	Xp		Art		Score	Xp
	Cr		30+3	465		An		20		210		Ig		10		55
	In		20		210		Aq		10		55		Im		10	  55
	Mu		10		55		Au		10		55		Me		10		55
	Pe		10	  55		Co		30		465		Te		10		55
	Re		10		55		He		20		210		Vi		10		55
Twilight Scars:
	+ Ashe's eyes sparkle as if there were tiny gems within them

Equipment:
Encumbrance: 0 (0)
Spells Known:

	Soothe the Pains of the Beast
	CrAn 20
	R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
	Cures one Light Wound suffered by an animal.
  
  Creeping Oil
	CrAq 15
	R:Voice, D:Sun, T:Individual
	Saturates an object with flammable oil. If ignited, it does +12 damage in
	the first round +6 in the second, and +0 in the third.
  
  Charm Against Decay
  CrCo 10
  R:Touch, D:Moon, T:Individual
  Prevents a corpse or body part from decaying for the duration. Often used
  to preserve severed limbs so that they can be reattached later.
  
  Bind Wound
	CrCo 10
	R:Touch, D:Sun, T:Individual
	Binds a wound so it can not worsen. Wound penalties are still suffered,
	however.
	
	Purification of the Festering Wounds
  CrCo 20
  R:Touch, D:Moon, T:Individual
  The target gains a +9 bonus to Recovery rolls to recover from injuries or
  diseases, as long as he has been under the influence of this spell for the
  whole of the recovery interval. The recovery interval is counted from the
  time that the spell is cast; any previous time is ignored.
	
	The Chirurgeon's Healing Touch
	CrCo 20
	R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
	Heals one Light Wound suffered by a human. This spell does not heal damage
	caused by disease.

	Pixie's Healing Salve
  CrCo 25
  R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
  Heals one Medium Wound suffered by a human. This spell does not heal damage
  caused by disease. During the ritual, a small pixie cleans, and sutures the
  wound.
  
  Hospitality of the Gnomes
  CrCo 30
  R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
  Heals one Heavy Wound suffered by a human. This spell does not heal damage
  caused by disease. During the ritual, a team of gnomes clean and suture the
  wound while caring for the subject.
  
  Blessing of Heracles
  CrCo 40
  R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
  Increases the target's Strength by one point permanently, to no higher 
  than +1.
  
  Blessing of Atlas
  CrCo 40
  R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
  Increases the target's Stamina by one point permanently, to no higher
  than +1.
  
  Blessing of Hermes
  CrCo 40
  R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
  Increases the target's Dexterity by one point permanently, to no higher
  than +1.
  
  Blessing of Aiolos
  CrCo 40
  R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
  Increases the target's Quickness by one point permanently, to no higher
  than +1.
  
	Incantation of the Body Made Whole
	CrCo 40
	R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual, Ritual
	Heals all damage to a human body. This spell can only heal wounds, not 
	damage caused by severed limbs, disease or poison.
  
  Restoration of the Youthful Spirit
  CrCo 45
  R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Group, Ritual
  Increases a group of up to ten Individuals' Stamina by one point, to no more
  than 0.
  
	Physician's Eye
	InCo 5
	R:Touch, D:Momentary, T:Individual
	Determines the general health of a person, and any wounds or diseases they
	are suffering. A Per + Medicine stress roll is required to identify strange
	or unusual diseases.
	
  The Inexorable Search
  InCo 25
  R:Arcane Connection, D:Sun, T:Individual
  Determines the location of a specific person. After casting the spell, a
  gnome appears with a comically large magnifying glass and slowly scours a map
  for the person. It moves at a rate of one hour per square foot of map. If the
  person is found, the gnome will stand on the location of the person and jump
  up and down. The gnome can move between maps in the same room, and will
  follow the person if they are found until the spell times out. If the person
  cannot be found, the gnome will sigh and fade away.
  
  Eyes of the Cat
	MuCo 5
	R:Touch, D:Sun, T:Individual
	The target gains the eyes of a cat, allowing them to see in near darkness.
	However, as with normal cats, they can not see if there is no light at all.
  
	Palm of Flame
	CrIg 5
	R:Touch, D:Concentration, T:Individual
	A small flame sprite coalesces on Ashe's shoulder and sits there, providing
  light as a torch would.
	
Wizard's Sigil: 
	All of Ashe's spells seem to be performed by little sprites or butterflies.
	Mentem spells will often place butterflies in the background, while a CrIg
	spell might involving a flaming sprite, or or a butterfly made of flames
	speeding towards the the target. Cr/Mu/Re Im spells place small butterflies
	on the senses affected. Eyes of the Cat for example, places small 
	translucent butterflies on the target's iris', instead of transforming them
	into cat's eyes. 
	
Appearance:
	Ashe is a tall, and rather well-built lady. She has long dirty-blond hair,
	and dark green eyes, as well as a slightly chubby face. 
	She has a sweet, motherly aura around her, and always smells faintly of 
	lavender (this is due to her stigmata). She is helpful, and kind, but can 
	use a commanding voice when it is required. A rather large triangular
	stigmata sits on her throat. It is a triangle pointing upwards at her head,
	a light, hazy purple in colour, with a azure outline. This is the only 
	easily visible stigmata she carries, as the rest are on her stomache, and
	legs.
	
