Marth, The 'Gentleman'

"Marth Delarius, Baccalaureus Artium, Fourth in Line to 
the Duchy of Cambridge. Pleasure to meet you."

Characteristics:
	Int: +2
	Per: +2
	Pre: +1
	Com: +2
	Str:  0
	Sta:  0
	Dex: +2
	Qik: -2
Size: 0
Age: 22 (20)
Decrepitude: 0
Warping Score: __ (___)
Confidence Score: 1 (3)
Virtues and Flaw:
	Virtues: (7)
		Baccalaureus (Social Status, Minor) -1
			(Marth has completed a three-year program at the university of 
			Cambridge, and has 90xp to spend between Latin and Artes Liberales.
			He may continue his university career to work towards his magister
			in arbitus degree, but currently only teaches extra-ordinary 
			lectures on debating, logic and rhetoric, as well as gleaning 
			information. He is unavailable for one season due to teaching, but 
			his other lessons are spread between September and July, so his 
			Summer is truly free)	
		Minor Enchantments (Minor, Supernatural) x2 -2
			(Marth has used his status as a baccalaureus and a noble to buy and
			acquire several magical items. He has 50 levels worth of effects, 
			designed as Hermetic enchantments, including uses-per-day, but no 
			single effect should be greater than Level 30)
		Improved Characteristics (Minor, General) -1
			(Marth has 3 extra points to spend on his Characteristics)	
		Good Teacher (Minor, General) -1
			(Add 5 to the Advancement Total of anyone Marth teaches, and 3 to
			the Quality of any books he writes)	
		Mild Aging (Minor, General) -1
			(Marth's mother often fussed over him and insisted he eat healthy 
			and keep a good regiment of exercise, and this has slowly rubbed 
			off on him. He gets a +1 to his Living Conditions modifier, as well
			as a +3 bonus on rolls to survive an aging crisis)	
		Unaffected by the Gift (Minor, General) -1
			(Marth is strangely unaffected by the social penalties of the Gift,
			or even the Blatant Gift. He finds it quite confusing why people 
			are so distrusting of mages when they are such boons to anyone who
			can befriend them)
	Flaws: (7)
		Ambitious (Minor, Personality) +1
			(Marth wants to be both a great debater, and an even greater spy,
			and does not like doing things that do not move towards either 
			goal)
		Fish Out of Water (Cities) (Minor, General) +1
			(Marth feels out of place when outside of major city, town or 
			castle. He is at a -1 at all stress rolls, and suffers one more 
			botch die than normal in these situations)	
		Divine Stigmatic (Minor, Supernatural) +1
			(Whenever Marth enters a Divine aura of strength 4 or greater, or is
			affected by a power greater than 4th magnitude from that realm, he 
			suffers from stigmata. Specifically, thin, angular lines cut their 
			way into his skin (think circuits) from his hands, up to his elbows
			This inflicts a Long-Term Fatigue Level on him until he leaves or 
			the effect wears off. If he ever recieves a Warping Point from a 
			Divine source, his stigmata erupt so violently he also takes a 
			Light Wound)
		Heir (Minor, Story) +1
			(Marth, being fourth in line to the Duchy of Cambridge may in fact
			inherit the Duchy as his brothers and sister are awfully prone to 
			danger (one brother takes offense easily and challenges too many
			people to duels, while the other enjoys combat and served in the
			Crusades, and is kind of disappointed that they are now done). Due
			to this, his siblings, or other conspirators might attempt to 
			remove him for the succession on occassion.)	
		Hunger for Corpus Magic (Major, Supernatural) +3
			(Ever since he was a boy, Marth has always needed to consume Corpus
			vis, at least once a season, or he felt exhausted and lethargic (he
			loses a Long-Term Fatigue Level until he does consume some Corpus
			vis). This was often achieved by his family giving him some violet 
			jam (which coincidentally contained Corpus vis due to lovers' 
			trysts in the field where it was grown) made from a nearby field.
			Once Marth figured out the source of his exhaustion, he became very
			interested in Magic and why he had such a strange ailment)
Personality Traits:
	Amitious			+2
	Cocky				+3
	Self-Interested		+1
Reputations:
	Sound Debater (Cambridge University)	+1
Combat:
	
	The Sabre:	Init -1, Attack +11, Defense +5, Damage +5, Load 1
	Fists:		Init -2, Attack + 4, Defense  0, Damage  0, Load n/a
	
	Marth wears no armour to speak of.
Soak: 0
Protection: 0
Encumbrance: 1
Fatigue Levels: OK, 0, -1, -3, -5, Unc.
Wound Penalties: -1 (1-5), -3 (5-10), -5 (11-15), Incap. (16-20), Dead (21+)
Abilities:
	
	Ability				Specialty					Sc	Xp
	English				(Debating)					5	75
	Latin				(Debating)					4	50
	
	Animal Handling		(Horses)					2	15
	Artes Liberales		(Rhetoric)					4	50
	Athletics			(Contortions)				3	30
	Awareness			(Searching)					3	30
	Bows				(Short Bows)				3	30
	Brawl				(Disarming)					2	15
	Carouse				(Staying Sober)				2	15
	Charm				(Being Witty)				3	30
	Etiquette			(Nobility)					4	50
	Folk Ken			(Nobles)					3	40
	Guile				(Commoners)					4	50
	Intrigue			(Plotting)					3	40
	Legerdemain			(Picking Locks)				3	30
	Leadership			(Inspiration)				2	15
	Hunt				(Tracking)					2	15
	Ride				(Speed)						3	30
	Single Weapon		(Sabre)						4	50
	Stealth				(Urban Areas)				3	30
	Swim				(Underwater Maneuvering)	2	15
	Teaching			(Artes Liberales)			2	15
Appearance:
	Marth is a slim, if well-toned man. He has unkempt, short brown hair and 
	bright green eyes. He often has a small, self-confident smirk on his face.
	He is the third son of the Duke of Cambridge, making him a direct heir of
	the Duchy, however he does not have much interest in the position. He 
	actually desires to become a man of intrigue; a spy, or a diplomat.
	When he engages in his more... dubious activities, he wears a blue 
	butterfly mask.